# NaiveBayes-CSC520

For this question you have been given two sets of datafiles representing binary decision problems. The first dataset is heart disease classification based upon single proton emission computed tomorgraphy (SPECT). The second represents classification of mushrooms as edible or poisonous based upon observable features. De- scriptions of the datasets are available on the UCI Machine Learning Repository: http://archive.ics.uci. edu/ml/datasets/SPECT+Heart http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Mushroom. Each row repre- sents a single problem instance with a binary outcome variable “class.” Each dataset has been split into two in the datasets defines an instance of the problem in terms of a set of binary or categorical features. The datasets have been split into static TEST and TRAIN files.

Your task in this assignment is to Implement a Na ̈ıve Bayes classifier and to evaluate it on the available data. Your code should take as input a training and testing file. It will use the former to construct a Na ̈ıve Bayes classifier that predicts the class variable from the features with a cutoff of ≥ 0.5. It will then evaluate this model using the training dataset and calculate a confusion matrix. Your code should produce two output files, a model file that lists the structure of your model along with a probability distribution for each node, and a result file which lists the prediction and the real value for each row in the test set along with a final confusion matrix.
